Remove mentions of kube-dns in kubeadm docs (#26842)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/setup-tools/kubeadm/implementation-details.md

#### DNS

> - In Kubernetes version 1.21 kube-dns usage with kubeadm has been removed

Reviewer: I'd write:
```suggestion
- In Kubernetes version 1.21 support for using `kube-dns` with kubeadm was removed.
  You can use CoreDNS with kubeadm even where the related Service is named `kube-dns`.
```
and I'd put that statement at the _end_ of the list. Readers are likely to be more interested in what _is_ supported.

#### DNS

- The CoreDNS service is named `kube-dns`. This is done to prevent any interruption
in service when the user is switching the cluster DNS from kube-dns to CoreDNS
the `--config` method described [here](/docs/reference/setup-tools/kubeadm/kubeadm-init-phase/#cmd-phase-addon)
- A ServiceAccount for CoreDNS is created in the `kube-system` namespace.
- The `coredns` ServiceAccount is bound to the privileges in the `system:coredns` ClusterRole

> - In Kubernetes version 1.21, support for using `kube-dns` with kubeadm is removed.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
- In Kubernetes version 1.21, support for using `kube-dns` with kubeadm was removed.
- ```
